h1. Neon Rain Interactive Sample Task

If you are performing this task, then you've already taken our assessment. The assessment is a basic test of competence, while this assignment is more representative of the type of work we do. It is also intended to familiarize you with Git and Dojo. At Neon Rain, the tasks that we work on are initially described by a *story* and a list of *requirements*. A *story* explains the _who_, _what_, and _why_ of a task. Let's take a look at the story and the requirements for this task.

h2. Story

As an anonymous donator, I need to be able to use a form to submit a one time donation using my credit card.

h2. Requirements

* Include Full Name, Address, City, State/Province, Country, Postal Code, Card Number, Expiration Date, CVV2, and Amount
* Country should be a selection between USA and Canada
* The State/Province select should update with the appropriate options for the selected Country. (You may use a small subset of the states and provinces since this is only a sample task)
* The form must submit the payment via the Authorize.net AIM API
* The form must be submitted via Ajax and the response must be used to display either an error or a success message
* Use Dojo for javascript interaction

h2. Instructions

# First you'll want to create an account on GitHub and fork this project so you can work on it.
# Next you'll want to create an *index.php* to output an HTML page with a form that fits with the requirements above.
# Then you will need to create *payment.php* to accept the parameters from the form and submit the payment to Authorize.net using the AIM API.
# The form submission must occur using Ajax so now you need to submit the data from *index.php* to *payment.php* and get back the response.
# If the payment is declined, you will need to display the error response to the customer and allow them to try again. If it's successful, then replace the entire form with a success message.
# Make sure you commit all of the files you've created and push them up to GitHub.
# Send us the URL to your repo!

h2. Git

You will need to create an account on GitHub and fork this project. We will review this assignment by accessing your forked repository.

h2. Dojo Toolkit

You'll have to use Dojo instead of jQuery, Prototype or other JS libraries.

* See "dojotoolkit.org":http://dojotoolkit.org to obtain a copy.
* See "dojocampus.org":http://dojocampus.org for documentation.

h2. Payment Processing

You will need to use Authorize.net's AIM API to submit payment.

# Sign up for a test account at "developer.authorize.net/testaccount":https://developer.authorize.net/testaccount
# Here is an easy to use PHP class for working with the AIM API: "github.com/botskonet/authorize.net":https://github.com/botskonet/authorize.net

For more resources see:
"developer.authorize.net/api/aim/":http://developer.authorize.net/api/aim/
"authorize.net/support/AIM_guide.pdf":http://www.authorize.net/support/AIM_guide.pdf

